README.md, before:


# PayPal PHP Adaptive Accounts SDK

## TLSv1.2 Update
> **The Payment Card Industry (PCI) Council has [mandated](http://blog.pcisecuritystandards.org/migrating-from-ssl-and-early-tls) that early versions of TLS be retired from service.  All organizations that handle credit card information are required to comply with this standard. As part of this obligation, PayPal is updating its services to require TLS 1.2 for all HTTPS connections. At this time, PayPal will also require HTTP/1.1 for all connections. [Click here](https://github.com/paypal/tls-update) for more information**

> A new `mode` has been created to test if your server/machine handles TLSv1.2 connections. Please use `tls` mode instead of `sandbox` to verify. You can return back to `sandbox` mode once you have verified. Please have a look at this [Sample Configuration](https://github.com/paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php/blob/namespace-php5.3/samples/Configuration.php#L10-15).

## POODLE Update
- Because of the Poodle vulnerability, PayPal has disabled SSLv3. 
- To enable TLS encryption, the changes were made to [PPHttpConfig.php](https://github.com/paypal/sdk-core-php/blob/namespace-5.3/lib/PayPal/Core/PPHttpConfig.php#L11) in [SDK Core](https://github.com/paypal/sdk-core-php/tree/namespace-5.3) to use a cipher list specific to TLS encryption.
``` php
    /**
	 * Some default options for curl
	 * These are typically overridden by PPConnectionManager
	 */
	public static $DEFAULT_CURL_OPTS = array(
		CURLOPT_SSLVERSION => 1,
		CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT => 10,
		CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER => TRUE,
		CURLOPT_TIMEOUT        => 60,	// maximum number of seconds to allow cURL functions to execute
		CURLOPT_USERAGENT      => 'PayPal-PHP-SDK',
		CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER     => array(),
		CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYHOST => 2,
		CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER => 1,
		CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST => 'TLSv1',
	);
```
- There are two primary changes done to curl options: 
    - CURLOPT_SSLVERSION is set to 1 . See [here](http://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_SSLVERSION.html) for more information
    - CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST was set to TLSv1, See [here](http://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST.html) for more information

All these changes are included in the recent release, along with many other bug fixes. We highly encourage you to update your versions, by either using `composer` or running this command shown below:

```
curl -L https://raw.github.com/paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php/stable-php5.3/samples/install.php | php    
        OR        
wget  https://raw.github.com/paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php/stable-php5.3/samples/install.php
php install.php
```

## Prerequisites

PayPal's PHP Adaptive Accounts SDK requires 

   * PHP 5.3 and above 
   * curl/openssl PHP extensions

## Running the sample

To run the bundled sample, first copy the samples folder to your web server root. You will then need to install the SDK as a dependency using composer (PHP V5.3+ only)

run `composer update` from the samples folder.

## Using the SDK


To use the SDK,

   * Create a composer.json file with the following contents.

```json
{
    "name": "me/shopping-cart-app",
    "require": {
        "paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php":"3.9.*"
    }
}
```

   * Install the SDK as a dependency using composer.
   * Require `vendor/autoload.php` in your application.
   * Choose how you would like to configure the SDK - You can either
	  * Create a hashmap containing configuration parameters and pass it to the service object OR
      * Create a `sdk_config.ini` file and set the PP_CONFIG_PATH constant to point to the directory where this file exists.
   * Instantiate a service wrapper object and a request object as per your project's needs.
   * Invoke the appropriate method on the service object.

For example,

```php
	// Sets config file path(if config file is used) and registers the classloader
    require("PPBootStrap.php");
	
	// Array containing credentials and confiuration parameters. (not required if config file is used)
	$config = array(
       'mode' => 'sandbox',
       'acct1.UserName' => 'jb-us-seller_api1.paypal.com',
       'acct1.Password' => 'WX4WTU3S8MY44S7F'
       .....
    );

  	$createAccountRequest = new CreateAccountRequest($requestEnvelope, $name, $address, $preferredLanguageCode);
	$createAccountRequest->accountType = $accountType;
	......

	$service  = new AdaptiveAccountsService($config);
	$response = $service->CreateAccount($createAccountRequest);	 
	if($strtoupper($response->responseEnvelope->ack) == 'SUCCESS') {
		// Success
	}
```
  
## Authentication

The SDK provides multiple ways to authenticate your API call.

```php
	$service  = new AdaptiveAccountsService($config);
	
	// Use the default account (the first account) configured in sdk_config.ini
	$response = $service->CreateAccount($createAccountRequest);	

	// Use a specific account configured in sdk_config.inig
	$response = $service->CreateAccount($createAccountRequest, 'jb-us-seller_api1.paypal.com');	
	 
	// Pass in a dynamically created API credential object
    $cred = new PPCertificateCredential("username", "password", "path-to-pem-file");
    $cred->setThirdPartyAuthorization(new PPTokenAuthorization("accessToken", "tokenSecret"));
	$response = $service->CreateAccount($createAccountRequest, $cred);	
```

## SDK Configuration

The SDK allows you to configure the following parameters 

   * Integration mode (sandbox / live)
   * (Multiple) API account credentials.
   * HTTP connection parameters
   * Logging 
   
Dynamic configuration values can be set by passing a map of credential and config values (if config map is passed the config file is ignored)
```php
    $config = array(
       'mode' => 'sandbox',
       'acct1.UserName' => 'jb-us-seller_api1.paypal.com',
       'acct1.Password' => 'WX4WTU3S8MY44S7F'
       .....
    );
	$service  = new AdaptiveAccountsService($config);
```
Alternatively, you can configure the SDK via the sdk_config.ini file. 
  
```php
    define('PP_CONFIG_PATH', '/directory/that/contains/sdk_config.ini');
    $service  = new AdaptiveAccountsService();
```

You can refer full list of configuration parameters in [wiki](https://github.com/paypal/sdk-core-php/wiki/Configuring-the-SDK) page.

## Instant Payment Notification (IPN)

Please refer to the IPN-README in 'samples/IPN' directory

## Links

   * API Reference - https://developer.paypal.com/webapps/developer/docs/classic/api/#aa
   * If you need help using the SDK, a new feature that you need or have a issue to report, please visit https://github.com/paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php/issues

Commit message:

Add Technical Support Link to README

README.md, after:


# PayPal PHP Adaptive Accounts SDK

## TLSv1.2 Update
> **The Payment Card Industry (PCI) Council has [mandated](http://blog.pcisecuritystandards.org/migrating-from-ssl-and-early-tls) that early versions of TLS be retired from service.  All organizations that handle credit card information are required to comply with this standard. As part of this obligation, PayPal is updating its services to require TLS 1.2 for all HTTPS connections. At this time, PayPal will also require HTTP/1.1 for all connections. [Click here](https://github.com/paypal/tls-update) for more information**

> A new `mode` has been created to test if your server/machine handles TLSv1.2 connections. Please use `tls` mode instead of `sandbox` to verify. You can return back to `sandbox` mode once you have verified. Please have a look at this [Sample Configuration](https://github.com/paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php/blob/namespace-php5.3/samples/Configuration.php#L10-15).

## POODLE Update
- Because of the Poodle vulnerability, PayPal has disabled SSLv3. 
- To enable TLS encryption, the changes were made to [PPHttpConfig.php](https://github.com/paypal/sdk-core-php/blob/namespace-5.3/lib/PayPal/Core/PPHttpConfig.php#L11) in [SDK Core](https://github.com/paypal/sdk-core-php/tree/namespace-5.3) to use a cipher list specific to TLS encryption.
``` php
    /**
	 * Some default options for curl
	 * These are typically overridden by PPConnectionManager
	 */
	public static $DEFAULT_CURL_OPTS = array(
		CURLOPT_SSLVERSION => 1,
		CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT => 10,
		CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER => TRUE,
		CURLOPT_TIMEOUT        => 60,	// maximum number of seconds to allow cURL functions to execute
		CURLOPT_USERAGENT      => 'PayPal-PHP-SDK',
		CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER     => array(),
		CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYHOST => 2,
		CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER => 1,
		CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST => 'TLSv1',
	);
```
- There are two primary changes done to curl options: 
    - CURLOPT_SSLVERSION is set to 1 . See [here](http://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_SSLVERSION.html) for more information
    - CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST was set to TLSv1, See [here](http://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST.html) for more information

All these changes are included in the recent release, along with many other bug fixes. We highly encourage you to update your versions, by either using `composer` or running this command shown below:

```
curl -L https://raw.github.com/paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php/stable-php5.3/samples/install.php | php    
        OR        
wget  https://raw.github.com/paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php/stable-php5.3/samples/install.php
php install.php
```

## Support

> Please contact [PayPal Technical Support](https://developer.paypal.com/support/) for any live or account issues.

## Prerequisites

PayPal's PHP Adaptive Accounts SDK requires 

   * PHP 5.3 and above 
   * curl/openssl PHP extensions

## Running the sample

To run the bundled sample, first copy the samples folder to your web server root. You will then need to install the SDK as a dependency using composer (PHP V5.3+ only)

run `composer update` from the samples folder.

## Using the SDK


To use the SDK,

   * Create a composer.json file with the following contents.

```json
{
    "name": "me/shopping-cart-app",
    "require": {
        "paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php":"3.9.*"
    }
}
```

   * Install the SDK as a dependency using composer.
   * Require `vendor/autoload.php` in your application.
   * Choose how you would like to configure the SDK - You can either
	  * Create a hashmap containing configuration parameters and pass it to the service object OR
      * Create a `sdk_config.ini` file and set the PP_CONFIG_PATH constant to point to the directory where this file exists.
   * Instantiate a service wrapper object and a request object as per your project's needs.
   * Invoke the appropriate method on the service object.

For example,

```php
	// Sets config file path(if config file is used) and registers the classloader
    require("PPBootStrap.php");
	
	// Array containing credentials and confiuration parameters. (not required if config file is used)
	$config = array(
       'mode' => 'sandbox',
       'acct1.UserName' => 'jb-us-seller_api1.paypal.com',
       'acct1.Password' => 'WX4WTU3S8MY44S7F'
       .....
    );

  	$createAccountRequest = new CreateAccountRequest($requestEnvelope, $name, $address, $preferredLanguageCode);
	$createAccountRequest->accountType = $accountType;
	......

	$service  = new AdaptiveAccountsService($config);
	$response = $service->CreateAccount($createAccountRequest);	 
	if($strtoupper($response->responseEnvelope->ack) == 'SUCCESS') {
		// Success
	}
```
  
## Authentication

The SDK provides multiple ways to authenticate your API call.

```php
	$service  = new AdaptiveAccountsService($config);
	
	// Use the default account (the first account) configured in sdk_config.ini
	$response = $service->CreateAccount($createAccountRequest);	

	// Use a specific account configured in sdk_config.inig
	$response = $service->CreateAccount($createAccountRequest, 'jb-us-seller_api1.paypal.com');	
	 
	// Pass in a dynamically created API credential object
    $cred = new PPCertificateCredential("username", "password", "path-to-pem-file");
    $cred->setThirdPartyAuthorization(new PPTokenAuthorization("accessToken", "tokenSecret"));
	$response = $service->CreateAccount($createAccountRequest, $cred);	
```

## SDK Configuration

The SDK allows you to configure the following parameters 

   * Integration mode (sandbox / live)
   * (Multiple) API account credentials.
   * HTTP connection parameters
   * Logging 
   
Dynamic configuration values can be set by passing a map of credential and config values (if config map is passed the config file is ignored)
```php
    $config = array(
       'mode' => 'sandbox',
       'acct1.UserName' => 'jb-us-seller_api1.paypal.com',
       'acct1.Password' => 'WX4WTU3S8MY44S7F'
       .....
    );
	$service  = new AdaptiveAccountsService($config);
```
Alternatively, you can configure the SDK via the sdk_config.ini file. 
  
```php
    define('PP_CONFIG_PATH', '/directory/that/contains/sdk_config.ini');
    $service  = new AdaptiveAccountsService();
```

You can refer full list of configuration parameters in [wiki](https://github.com/paypal/sdk-core-php/wiki/Configuring-the-SDK) page.

## Instant Payment Notification (IPN)

Please refer to the IPN-README in 'samples/IPN' directory

## Links

   * API Reference - https://developer.paypal.com/webapps/developer/docs/classic/api/#aa
   * If you need help using the SDK, a new feature that you need or have a issue to report, please visit https://github.com/paypal/adaptiveaccounts-sdk-php/issues
